hey guys Don Irwin in Mountain View
Chevrolet in downtown Chattanooga we're
moving some Corvettes on our showroom
floor but this one right here speaks to
the Goldie Bay it's a 2009 zo6 and it's
going to be included in the red tag sale
which means supplier pricing - whatever
rebates so there you see 73 513 on an 81
thousand dollar Corvette I'm here with
Michael Ledford hey Michael hey Don tell
me just a little bit real quickly about
this zo6 what's the horsepower on a 7
liter v8 the horsepower on this vehicle
is 505 horsepower this is the Chevy 427
engine 505 horsepower yes sir this is a
3 LT package as well navigation heated
seats the zo6
only comes with a 6-speed manual
transmission so this one has everything
available including nav including that
ok and so I mean you get so much for
this car you do it's the best dollar for
dollar value in sports cars today you
know it will it will perform with the
best of the Ferraris and the
Lamborghinis and you know any other car
that costs twice this yeah and you can
tell that it's got power you know just
by looking at what Chevrolet has put on
here to stop the vehicle with if you
talk to me real quickly about the brakes
if you take a look it's got the chrome
and the 19-inch spider design wheels
this is a new will for 2009 very excited
about it very European looking just only
on the zo6 also just available on the
zo6 right you're also going to notice
the cross drilled rotors and six piston
calipers you know this thing will stop
faster than it will get up and go yeah
awesome thank you Michael so much and
again we don't know exactly how long we
know till the end of the year the redtag
pricing is going to be available when
else can you buy a car that's in such
high demand at an actual sale price and
we're talking you know a six thousand
dollar discount a little more than six
thousand dollar discount eight thousand
this challenge from 73 to 81 at $8,000
discount on it zo6 yeah the chances are
you're never going to get a discount
like this on this car because most
dealerships will not even honor supplier
or GMS pricing on a zo6 because they're
in such high demand so this truly is a
once in a once in a very very short
while opportunity thanks so much Michael
we're at Mountain View Chevrolet you'll
see this on eBay shortly if you have any
questions make sure you give us a call
here you can reach Michael directly at
four to three to 400 for 200 or you can
reach us at your Chattanooga chevy.com a
2009 zo6 Corvette